[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
SAMBA COMPETITION
[Erika] Naoko! I have a favor to ask!
-What is it?
-I need you to do the samba!
The samba?
The samba competition is coming up soon,
but our teammate Babu Lisa fell
and hurt her leg.
She did?
[rattling]
Now I have to go around in this stroller.
Naoko, please take Babu Lisa's spot
on the dance team.
-What?
-Please, Naoko.
I can't dance the samba.
Ask Kana to do it.
-I'm already on the team.
-[samba music playing]
Yay!
I had no idea.
Naoko! I'm begging you!
No way! I could never dance the samba!
[sighs] Oh well, we tried.
[Kana] Toshio will be disappointed.
Huh?
[panting]
Toshio?
Toshio is the leader of our team,
the Samba Croquettes.
[laughs]
I guess this would be a good chance
to try dancing.
[both] Really?
I've always been interested in the samba.
[samba music playing]
[Naoko giggles]
I just might end up dancing
the samba of love with Toshio.
You're late.
Sorry, our class went on longer
than scheduled.
Naoko will be joining
the Samba Croquettes starting today.
I'll do my best!
[grunts]
Okay! Let's start practicing!
The samba competition is almost here?
I wish I could've entered.
Oh, I'm so thirsty.
Now, imagine a freshly-fried croquette!
Crispy outside, fluffy inside!
Crispy outside, fluffy inside...
Huh? This is too hard.
I can't move my legs like that.
[gulps]
[crunches]
[yelps]
Don't litter,
especially where I'm dancing!
[roars]
-[roaring]
-I'm sorry!
[Naoko] I'm sorry.
You need to dance well at the competition
or it'll be a problem.
Erika, you drill the basic steps
into Naoko's head!
Okay!
Toshio isn't his usual self.
He gets quite passionate
when it comes to the samba.
-[samba music playing]
-[both] Huh?
Crispy outside, fluffy inside!
Wow! That's really good, Karen!
[both] Crispy outside, fluffy inside!
Karen is our team's best dancer.
[Karen and Toksio laughing]
[Naoko] Toshio sure looks like
he's having fun.
I wish I could dance with him like that.
[both chuckling]
[chuckling]
Naoko? Are you all right?
[caws]
[Toshio] Okay! That's it
for today's practice.
Don't ever forget the passion
of the samba!
[all] Yes, sir!
Naoko, the Samba Croquettes' team colors
are yellow and orange,
just like a hot croquette.
You're an official member
from this day forth!
Wow!
Thank you!
Samba Croquettes!
Let's win that first prize!
[all] Yeah!
Crispy outside, fluffy inside...
-[door opens]
-[Naoko] I'm home.
[Dad] Welcome home.
Huh? What's going on?
They're helping Mrs. Mole
with her animation work.
[Naoko] Why?
You know about
that upcoming samba competition?
Well, Mrs. Mole was having trouble
finishing her work after all
the samba practice they've been doing.
Now, everyone is helping her finish
so she can focus on dance practice.
Um, okay...
Thank you, everyone.
I'll be able to make my deadline now.
Well, you are the top dancer
on our team, after all.
That's right. Let's shoot
for first prize again this year!
Oh, Naoko, you're home.
Yes, I'm home.
[Mom] Oh?
Did you join the Samba Croquettes?
Uh, yes.
[Mom] Oh, well then.
One! We're more mature than the rest!
Two! We're mysterious mamas!
Three! We dance with captivating style.
[Mom] Three mamas who shine like the sun!
We're the...
[all] Samba Mamas!
Ah!
Naoko! I might be your mom,
but we're still rivals.
The Samba Mamas are going to win!
[all] Yay,
-Samba Mamas!
-Wait a minute...
We won't lose against Toshio's soggy,
croquette rejects!
Huh? Toshio's croquettes
aren't soggy rejects!
They're crispy outside, fluffy inside!
Crispy outside, fluffy inside...
You're pretty good.
We're just getting started!
Crispy outside, fluffy inside...
[groans]
I wish they wouldn't dance the samba
in the house.
[Drop] Oh, today's the samba competition.
And there will be a samba parade
on Main Street!
Wow, sounds like fun.
[Lemon] Wanna go watch, Big Brother?
Let me rest on my day off.
Everyday's a day off for you.
It's a beautiful day.
Let's pack a lunch
and go watch the samba dancing.
Samba? Not interested.
Oh, Naoko is on a team
called the Samba Croquettes.
Naoko?
Lemon, if you really want to go that bad,
I'll join you.
Bring lunch and meet me there.
Naoko!
[crowd cheering]
Next we have the mamas
who shine like the sun,
our top contenders, the Samba Mamas!
Yeah! Samba Mamas samba!
Our next team is the Samba Croquettes!
[all] Crispy outside, fluffy inside...
[Naoko] No fair, Toshio.
You keep dancing with Karen.
You said you felt my passion bursting
like fluffy potato through a crispy crust!
[growls]
No, I can't turn into Gauko here.
That would be a disaster--
Huh?
Naoko! Even your giant pores are cute.
[roaring]
Don't get on my nerves
when I'm already irritated!
And "giant pores" is not a compliment!
[roaring]
Oh, it's the... Dinosaur Samba!
-[Babilian yelping]
-[Naoko roaring]
Oh no, we can't compete against that.
-Truly.
-We’ve lost this year.
There are no winners or losers in samba.
Everyone just dances and has a good time!
You're right!
[roaring]
[all singing]
Samba, samba, samba...
-[samba music playing]
-[all singing along]
[roaring]
-[samba music playing]
-[all singing along]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪